#summary Community contributed tutorials/videos/documentations.

= Introduction =

This page will contain community built tutorials for project. If you want commit access to wiki, just send an email to ss_dev mailing-list or kartik dot mistry @ gmail dot come, asking for wiki edit permissions and your Google Code email ID.


= Getting Started = 

Please download the code at [https://github.com/sixthsense/sixthsense/downloads Github]. Feel free to fork, propose patches and this will help to update the code regularly.
==Requirements:==
===Hardware:===
 * Any windows computer/Laptop
 * A camera
 * Projector (You can also use your Monitor for interaction)
 * Colour markers (Like: Red,Yellow,Blue & Green)
===Software:===
 * [http://www.microsoft.com/download/en/details.aspx?id=10084&hash=IYXPCllHASPeSu7Cq6oC0AIsuXpRXBWfM1v%2fX3Wf0Jkiv1VUmgCNNbhsjCrRHuUWxBi4E4GeO5OEqIa2T%2fQ8HA%3d%3d Direct X]
 * [http://www.microsoft.com/visualstudio/en-us/products/2010-editions/visual-csharp-express Visual studios]
 * Adobe Flash player (active x) 
 * MS Outlook

 * Internet connection is also required

====So here we go====

 * After downloading the code from Github, uncompressed the zip file to any location in your computer (Ex: F:\sixthsense-sixthsense-4e155fc)
 * Now open MS Outlook for running the Mail app( without outlook you may get errors )
 * Now click on WUW01. [http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-Bt1IJl2Fi4U/T2LG8GSU6II/AAAAAAAAAHo/19Z2jn_RYaQ/s1600/1.JPG Fig.1]
 * A Window appears  [http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-7jWoGkixEnQ/T2ScyrmdW9I/AAAAAAAAAIQ/2BvdL_eN6lk/s1600/2..JPG Fig.2]. Now click F5 to debug it.(Make sure you're connected to the internet)
 * A Black window appears as in [http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-Uvznf36K5KQ/T2LPeVuvzbI/AAAAAAAAAH4/4l-G1sj6phA/s320/4.JPG Fig.3]. There are certain options like camera,Tokens and apps

===Camera:===

  * Here you can select the camera you want to use from the *drop down options*.
  * If you are having multiple cameras you can select from those option or if you have single camera it will automatically start capturing.
  * You can also adjust your camera settings (Brightness,contrast,..etc) by clicking on *"Adjust Camera Properties"*.

===Tokens:===

  * Click the *"New Marker"* button, you will see the camera flickering 3 times, during this period you will have to position you fingers (with the markers) in front of the camera and on the 3rd flicker you will have a still image.

  * Now simply drag the mouse over the markers with small circles that should only cover the part of the marker,repeat this process four times for the four markers *(M,N,O & P)*
  * Add the colour markers in the order : *Red ,Yellow ,Blue & Green* [http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-qpK3k9RJYEM/T2MjDPVuGjI/AAAAAAAAAII/cc1bUWvi4LE/s1600/markers.JPG Fig.4]
                              
  * *You can also check this video for adding colour markers* :
     <wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fufvs4JgI_I"/>

===APPS:===
*Some apps are listed below*:
====Test:====
 * You can see whether the four markers are being tracked and moving while you are moving those particular markers that is on the fingers. [https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/SixthsenseWuw#5726672772394890722 Fig.5]

====Draw:====
 * The red marker (M) draws when the yellow marker (N) is hidden.When both the markers are visible you can move the mouse pointer to select different colours or eraser,etc [https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/SixthsenseWuw#5726672772394890722 Fig.6]

====Photo:====
 * Make a rectangle with your pointer fingers and thumbs and when the gesture is recognized,the countdown starts 
 * Remove you hands from the camera frame to capture the desired photo. (The countdown lasts for 3 secs) [https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/SixthsenseWuw#5726676008950293778 Fig.7]

====Gallery:====
 * Displays the photos that you have taken [https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/SixthsenseWuw#5726476771570069042 Fig.8]

====Mail:====
 * Displays a list of email from outlook (required that MS Outlook be running for this to work)

====Weather:====
 * Displays a weather app that can be localised to your area.[https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/WUWErrors?authkey=Gv1sRgCKnAmuzTzMqrpQE#5721147957373781090 Fig.9]

====Stock:====
 * Displays 16 stocks values real time, use the slider at the bottom of the projected display to set the time scale.

====Effects:====
 * Play with beautiful wavy lines and explore your imagination.[https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/SixthsenseWuw#5726681748266713746 Fig.10]

====Newspaper:====
 * It projects newspaper stories and related videos from Youtube or other web sites,directly onto the surface of the paper.[https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/SixthsenseWuw#5726471022905541186 Fig.11]

====Book:====
 * For book-recognition,the program gets activated with a gesture, and the system snaps a photo of the book, compares it with book-cover images it finds online, computes a match, and retrieves and projects the ratings.[https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/SixthsenseWuw#5726471358268809378 Fig.12]

====Clock:====
 * An Analog clock will be projected by doing a circle gesture. [https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/SixthsenseWuw#5726470935266601666 Fig.13]

====Menu:====
 * Displays different menu icons.[https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/SixthsenseWuw#5726475924496517394 Fig.14]

(*Note*: Click on the Figs. to get the pictures.)

=== For windows 64 bit users ===


You can watch this video to configure your code


<wiki:video url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik9aUqN6W1g"/>



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


= Configuring the code at Google (wuw_v0.1): =

===  Same Requirements as written above.===

 * Download the code from [http://code.google.com/p/sixthsense/downloads/list wuw_v0.1] & follow the steps as written above.

=== How to add colour markers ===


 * You can also follow the steps above to add the markers or check this video :
 

     <wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JNSILC6ie0"/>

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


= How to remove the Black box ? =


This is an error where some part of the screen is covered with a black box.

 * To remove the [https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/WUWErrors?authkey=Gv1sRgCKnAmuzTzMqrpQE#5731868923299809746 Blackbox] follow the steps :

 * Click on the WUW01.sln file ( In the folder named "Code" )

 * Click on WUW.cs ,highlighted area & do as written in the [https://picasaweb.google.com/107469250566140829278/WUWErrors?authkey=Gv1sRgCKnAmuzTzMqrpQE#5731868657532629986 Pic.1] like

 * Right click the black box which is present in the extreme left.

 * Click on the option send to back and it gets hidden.

 * You can also check this video : *

     <wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXIO6D_L0NM"/>

( *Note* : Click on the Figs. to get the pictures.)